Nikkie Tutorials | Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/NikkieTutorials/videos
Tati | Makeup Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/GlamLifeGuru/videos
Shaaanxo | New Zealand Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/shaaanxo/videos
Wayne Goss 
https://www.youtube.com/user/gossmakeupartist/videos
Manny Mua 
https://www.youtube.com/user/MannyMua733/videos
Jeffreestar | American Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/jeffreestar/videos
Lauren Curtis | Female Makeup Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/laurenbeautyy/videos
Cassandra Bankson
https://www.youtube.com/user/DiamondsAndHeels14/videos
Carli Bybel | Makeup Videos
https://www.youtube.com/user/CarliBel55/videos
Jaclyn Hill | Beauty Guru
https://www.youtube.com/user/Jaclynhill1/videos
Kandee Johnson
https://www.youtube.com/user/kandeejohnson/videos
Nicole Guerriero | Florida Lifestyle Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/nguerriero19/videos
Chloe Morello
https://www.youtube.com/user/ChloeMorello/videos
ThatsHeart
https://www.youtube.com/user/ThatsHeart/videos
Huda Beauty | Makeup Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/user/hudaheidik/videos
Farah Dhukai | Canadian Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/farahdhukai/videos
Kaushal Beauty
https://www.youtube.com/user/BeautyFulfilled/videos
Jackie Aina
https://www.youtube.com/user/lilpumpkinpie05/videos
Lisa Eldridge - Pro Makeup Artist
https://www.youtube.com/user/lisaeldridgedotcom/videos
Casey Holmes | American Lifestyle Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/itsbl0ndie/videos
Marlena Stell - Makeup Geek
https://www.youtube.com/user/MakeupGeekTV/videos
Bella Fiori | Australian Beauty Vlogger
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaezsZGhwWgB4ZRmHNCfIyw/videos
Shani Grimmond
https://www.youtube.com/user/itsshanigrimmond/videos
MakeUp By Camila2 | USA Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/MakeUpByCamila2/videos
My Pale Skin
https://www.youtube.com/user/mypaleskinblog/videos
Asian Beauty Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/user/NTDHealthandBeauty/videos
Shruti Arjun Anand
https://www.youtube.com/user/shrutiarjunanand/videos
SMLx0 | American Makeup Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/SMLx0/videos
SunKissAlba | Organic Beauty and Non-Toxic Everything
https://www.youtube.com/user/SunKissAlba/videos
Sephora
https://www.youtube.com/user/sephora/videos
Melissa Samways
https://www.youtube.com/user/melsamwaysmakeup/videos
Samantha Ravndahl | Beauty Vlogger
https://www.youtube.com/user/BatALashBeauty/videos
Sona Gasparian | Beauty Vlogs
https://www.youtube.com/user/MakeupBySona/videos
EMAN | American Makeup Artist
https://www.youtube.com/user/makeupbyeman/videos
GlamTwinz
https://www.youtube.com/user/glamtwinz334/videos
Monika's Beauty & Lifestyle
https://www.youtube.com/user/MonikaMcGillicuddy/videos
Tyme the Infamous
https://www.youtube.com/user/TymetheInfamous/videos
Bri Hall
https://www.youtube.com/user/SmartistaBeauty/videos
Stephanie Nicole
https://www.youtube.com/user/MsStephNic/videos
Kristen Leanne | Makeup Vlogger
https://www.youtube.com/user/KristenLeanne8/videos
MAC Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/MACcosmetics/videos
Meejmuse
https://www.youtube.com/user/meejmuse/videos
Jessica Braun - JAMbeauty89
https://www.youtube.com/user/jambeauty89/videos
Jamie Paige
https://www.youtube.com/user/JamiePaigeBeauty/videos
Katerina Williams 
https://www.youtube.com/user/KaterinaBeautyBlog/videos
Ruby Golani 
https://www.youtube.com/user/RubyGolani/videos
Morgan Joyce
https://www.youtube.com/user/ilymorgannn/videos
Corallista
https://www.youtube.com/user/corallista/videos
Too Faced Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/toofacedcosmetics/videos
Marianna Hewitt
https://www.youtube.com/user/mariannahewitt/videos
Tiana Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/tianasmakeup/videos
BEAUTY NEWS
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvQgkrOiwcV9_C2Hj2IgeLw/videos
Karima McKimmie
https://www.youtube.com/user/karimamckimmie/videos
Nura Afia | Young Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/Babylailalov/videos
Raw Beauty Kristi
https://www.youtube.com/user/RawBeautyKristi/videos
Maybelline New York
https://www.youtube.com/user/maybellinenewyork/videos
Benefit Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/benefitcosmetics/videos
Nykaa
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoaH2UtB1PsV7av17woV1BA/videos
Bobbi Brown Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/bobbibrown/videos
tarte cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/tartecosmetics/videos
NYX Professional Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/user/nyxcosmetics/videos
Caroline Hirons
https://www.youtube.com/user/dixierae25/videos
L'Oréal Paris USA
https://www.youtube.com/user/lorealparisnyc/videos
Urban Decay Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/UrbanDecayYT/videos
Kiki Chanel | Chicago Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/ihatemarkself12/videos
BH Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/BHCosmetics/videos
DIY Beauty Channel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsLRTmhjh60vilTencSqvvg/videos
Victoria Lyn Beauty
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtS6sgTp9jWR3rZ9RF_FDEA/videos
Clinique
https://www.youtube.com/user/Clinique/videos
Avon
https://www.youtube.com/user/AvonProductsInc/videos
Smashbox Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/SmashboxCosmetics/videos
Alexa Likes | Natural Beauty Vlogger
https://www.youtube.com/user/stealingbeauty/videos
Aishwarya Kaushal
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwuA3ZQBPSNLLuHJIQSqtRA/videos
Makeup & Bullshit
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5LN36U6AVpTjCGV10zhbLQ/videos
KIKO Milano
https://www.youtube.com/user/KikoCosmetics/videos
Tamira Jarrel
https://www.youtube.com/user/lipstickandsunshine/videos
Lancome USA
https://www.youtube.com/user/LancomeStudio/videos
NARS Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/NARSMEDIA/videos
Rachael Brook
https://www.youtube.com/user/TheRachaelBrook/videos
Kittysnack | Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/user/makeupbykittyyy/videos
Leticia Lua | Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/user/xoLoveLeti/videos
IT Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/itcosmetics/videos
Klassy Kinks | New York Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/ije1023/videos
Oriflame Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/oriflamecosmetics/videos
Smarter Beauty
https://www.youtube.com/user/xoxSm4rt3rBeautyxox/videos
Megs Cahill
https://www.youtube.com/user/lilmissmegsmakeup/videos
Phyrra Nyx | Tampa Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/user/PhyrraNyx/videos
Motives® Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/officialmotives/videos
BECCA Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/BECCAglobal/videos
Stila Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/user/stilavideo/videos
Ree ReallyRee
https://www.youtube.com/user/reallyree/videos
Beauty Bakerie
https://www.youtube.com/user/beautybakerie/videos
Compassionate Beauty | American Beauty Vlogger
https://www.youtube.com/user/debthemakeupnoob/videos
Cruelty Free Vegan Beauty | Natural Beauty YouTube Channel
https://www.youtube.com/user/CFVeganBeauty/videos
BeautyMNL
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdnlWw2D3H7gCY9wTO72Rww/videos
Vegan Beauty Addict
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKTUKf8uPdjeabrjC9iZ96w/videos
Beauty Addict Next Door
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUGSYBkogjDzj-5RSQWk15Q/videos
Heidi K Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/user/HeidiKMakeup/videos
Miriam Maulana
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtjN1wb2JKC9zLvJfgMXEAA/videos
Miss Red Fox
https://www.youtube.com/user/GenineVonMeyer/videos
Emina Cosmetics | Indonesian Beauty Youtuber
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtsF-R4egVKkxIaeUGt8fSg/videos
Cosmetopia Digest
https://www.youtube.com/user/MyBeautyJunction/videos
Laurina Machite
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOjuM3h0MVQRcfHTxNCAbZQ/videos
Lesley Cosmetics, Mary Kay
https://www.youtube.com/user/mklesley/videos
PÜR cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5sIrqjvZLPO5Dj3Jpa2T6Q/videos
Beauty Brands
https://www.youtube.com/user/beautybrands/videos
